Fix Vale violations across the Kedro documentation (#3293)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/data/data_catalog_yaml_examples.md

You might come across a situation where you would like to read the same file using two different dataset implementations (known as transcoding). For example, Parquet files can not only be loaded via the `ParquetDataSet` using `pandas`, but also directly by `SparkDataSet`. This conversion is typical when coordinating a `Spark` to `pandas` workflow.

> Define two `DataCatalog` entries for the same dataset in a common format (e.g. Parquet, JSON, CSV) in your `conf/base/catalog.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define two `DataCatalog` entries for the same dataset in a common format (for example, Parquet, JSON, CSV) in your `conf/base/catalog.yml`:
```
